Hyphae are what content units called in MycorrhizaWiki. Each hypha has a text and binary part. Either of them may be empty.

## Hypha names
Hypha names are case-insensitive. It means that names `amanita muscaria` and `Amanita Muscaria` are same. Also, space and underscore are also the same. Canonical names are all lowercased and have underscores.

There are some characters that cannot be part of a hypha name: ?!:#@><*|"\'&% Others can be used.

If a hypha has a slash in its name, the hypha is a subhypha of some other hypha. For example, `amanita/muscaria` and `amanita/regalis` are both subhyphae of hypha `amanita`. `Amanita` is not a subhypha of any hypha.

## Text part
For now, only gemtext can be rendered.
=> gemtext
Other types of text will be displayed in plain text. In the future more languages may be supported.

### Editing text
When you visit edit-pages of hyphae, you can use the forms there. You can also edit files directly but it's not safe.

In the future there may be other ways of editing pages and, perhaps, text editors integration or contenteditable wysiwyg editor.
=> wysiwyg

## Binary part
Every type of data can be stored as binary part, but only some of them will render in the browser. Others can still be downloaded.

### Supported image formats
* .jpg
* .gif
* .png
* .webp
* .svg
* .ico
If there's demand on other image formats, they can be added. The problem is that there is no significant support for other image formats in the browsers.

### Supported video formats
* .ogg
* .webm
* .mp4

### Supported audio formats
* .ogg
* .webm
* .mp3

### Uploading binary data
There's a form at end of every page.

## Storage
All hyphae are stored on file system. They are named according to this grammar:
```
filename         ::= canonical_hypha_name "&." (binary_ext | text_ext)
binary_ext ::= "jpg" | "gif" | "png" | "webp" | "svg" | "ico"
             | "ogg" | "webm" | "mp4" | "mp3"
text_ext   ::= "gmi"
```

MycorrhizaWiki indexes all those files on start or when `/reindex` is requested. For every existing hypha there must be a binary file, a text file or both. If there are several binary files for the same hypha, only one of them is used.
